du Loup longer you need to learn certain
techniques for keeping the hoop up when
it starts to fall so start feet hip
distance apart one foot slightly in
front of the other knees nice and soft
shifting your weight from one foot to
the other I like to think about pressing
forward with my left hip to keep the
hoop go so starting with it on your
waist now if this is really hard for you
and the hoop starts to fall right away
the technique for bringing it back up is
that you bend your knees so your spine
is nice and straight straight down into
the hoop and then start pushing really
hard and quickly with that left hip to
get the hoop to come back up and then
stand back up so I'll demonstrate that
now you're around your waist hoop starts
to fall bend down hip hip hip to bring
it back up couple more times
oops falling hip hip hip notice how my
spine stays nice and straight I'm not
bending over hip hip hip and if I were
to say I were to bend over to try and
get the hoop to come back up and this
would start to happen and I've totally
lost my horizontal waist hooping one
thing also to consider if the hoop
continues to fall even though you're
trying these techniques and practicing a
lot is that you may be using a hoop that
is too small or too light for you the
diameter of your hoop for a beginner
should be at least or almost to the
height of your belly button from the
floor this is a very good size for
starting I also suggest using a hoop
that is has a nice weight to it no
heavier than 2 pounds but around the
one-pound range is a good starting
weight so if you notice that your hoop
is very light and very small that is
probably the main problem that you're
having so keep that in mind when trying
I'll show a lemon straight
this one more time to longer then it
falls bending down picking it back up
with your hip and that is how you hula
hoop longer